initial support for next/image on netlify (#138)
netlify/next-on-netlify: README.md

For more on this, see: [Issue #7](https://github.com/netlify/next-on-netlify/issues/7#issuecomment-636883539)

### next/image

Our existing solution for next/image is not very performant. We have performance improvements on our roadmap, dependent on internal work.

> In the meantime, we recommend using a cloud provider like Cloudinary ([see the Next.js docs](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/image-optimization#loader)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get better performance now, we recommend using a cloud provider like Cloudinary ([see the Next.js docs](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/image-optimization#loader)).
```
